Typechain Polkadot Follow-up 2 (#2)
727-Ventures/Grant-Milestone-Delivery: deliveries/typechain-polkadot-follow-up-2.md

- Deliverable 1:
  - We have a [docs](https://github.com/727-Ventures/typechain-polkadot/tree/master/packages/typechain-polkadot#plugins), and also we have an example how typechain itself uses plugins, you can check it out [here](https://github.com/727-Ventures/typechain-polkadot/blob/master/packages/typechain-polkadot/index.ts), so you can test this deliverable by following the steps in documentation
- Deliverable 2:
  - We have [docs](https://github.com/727-Ventures/typechain-polkadot/blob/master/docs/about.md#events) & [example](https://github.com/727-Ventures/typechain-polkadot/blob/master/tests/events/general.test.ts), if something is unclear, we're encouraging you to check [tests directory](https://github.com/727-Ventures/typechain-polkadot/tree/master/tests/events)
- Deliverable 3:
  - You can test by following steps in the article [typechain-compiler](https://medium.com/brushfam/ways-how-to-use-typechain-polkadot-in-your-project-281ef80b8dd8), it has a lot of information about how to use typechain-compiler, and also it has an example project that you can use to test typechain-compiler 
- Deliverable 4:

>   - You can test by running he openbrush unit tesst, which use typechain-polkadot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can test by running the openbrush unit tests, which use typechain-polkadot
```
